If you dive back into the models we face using Scikit-learn,
you'll notice we didn't get as much information back
regarding the coefficients in terms of the P-values.
And even if you pulled the coefficients,
they don't actually match what was retrieved using the stats models library.
The shift from statistics to machine learning is one in which
we care less about the relation of the inputs to the output,
and one more we care about predicting the output correctly regardless of the input.
The Scikit-learn Library is one of the most popular machine learning libraries.
And therefore, the tools in this library are just aimed at the second point.
The last content on model diagnostics using cross validation and
Scikit-learn is beyond the regular work done and most data analyst roles.
However, it might pique your interest as to
the beginning of our career related to machine learning and data science.